Kenny & Hershey
===============

Welcome to the example `Our day` section of **Wedvite**.

![We are getting married](http://a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/468418_10150628434226931_1917453580_o.jpg)

The Bride, Herschela Francis Holdsworth.
------------------------------------------------
Hershy was born in North Kansas City Missouri, raised in Smithville
Missouri and now lives in Lee's Summit Missouri. Currently she is
attending Devry University, and working towards a Bachelors Degree in
Business Information Systems, while working as an Administrator at
Demdaco. As a part time job Hershy works for local lighting, sound,
staging & production companies. Hershy is also the mother of a four year
old boy, Nathaniel James Holdsworth, who currently believes that he is
James Bond.

Hershy enjoys: music, movies, going to concerts, spending time with
Kenny & Nathaniel, shopping of course, and hanging out with her friends.

The Groom, Kenneth Paul Saunders.
------------------------------------------
Kenny was born in St. Joseph Missouri in 1980. He grew up in
Harrisonville Missouri and briefly attended Central Missouri State
University. He then pursued a six year musical career performing in 2
bands, Six Percent & Indira, and working as a stagehand for local music
production companies. During this time he attended Conseva, a technical
school, and completed a web development course. He has worked as a
website designer and web application programmer for the last 5 years &
is now employed at Handmark Inc, a reseller / developer of
handheld/smarthphone software & games.

Kenny enjoys: music, playing guitar, reading, movies, spending time with
Hershy & Nathaniel, going to concerts, web design/ programming, browsing
the internet, and hanging out with his friends.
How we met.

I remember the first time I ever saw Hershy, it was on August 7th, 2003.
We we're both working the load-out of a 311 concert. She was walking
across the stage, and we made eye contact. I was frozen. She had the
deepest, most beautiful eyes. I was a shy person, so I went about the
rest of the night just staring at her wishing that I was cool enough to
approach her.

Over the next six months of working together we became good friends. I
couldn't wait to go to work again, and I was always hoping that she
would be working the same show. After several months of trying to get
her to come out and see my band play, she finally came out to a show.
After a long night of hanging around, and considerable patience on her
part, I finally worked up the nerve to kiss her.

Since that day, she has made every day of the last two years of our
lives. I couldn't imagine spending the rest of my life without her.

The Proposal.
----------------
After putting it off for several months, waiting for the right moment to
present itself, I finally worked up the courage to propose. We had never
discussed getting married, so I had no idea what she would like. I
decided on going back to the first place I ever saw her, the City
Market.

After picking out where to propose, I had to get the ring. In my
infinite wisdom, I took Nathaniel with me to pick out the ring. I had a
plan to bribe him into silence, a brand new batmobile. The night before
I planned to propose, Hershy came home, and the first thing out of
Nathaniel's mouth was, you guessed it, "Mommy we got you a ring!" I was
terrified; I just knew she'd figure everything out. But the night went
on, and she never brought it up. One crisis averted. P.S. The batmobile
is now on my desk. :-).
So the night came, and by an amazing coincidence another one of my
problems was solved for me. I had planned to take her out to a nice
restaurant but I had no idea what excuse to give her. Well, that day, I
was officially offered a position at my new company, Handmark. I now had
my reason to take her out.

The evening went on just as planned. We ate dinner, and then it was time
to drive home. I still hadn't thought of how I was going to get her to
the city market, while I was driving, I approached the exit. "Hey, do
you want to see where my new office is?" Ok, I at least had her in the
neighborhood now. I told her I needed to use the restroom, and that I
wanted to try the ones over by the city market. I knew this was a bad
idea, we both knew these restrooms would be closed. She argued at first
saying "Why don't you just go in one of the bars?", but went along with
it anyhow.

Then the big moment came. Of course I had a speech in my head, that I'd
been running through over and over, but when I got out the ring and got
down on one knee I was speechless. I just held it out, I stood up to
kiss her, and finally managed to squeeze out "....Will ...you ...marry
....me?"

Of course the answer was in my favor. Hershy said yes, she was totally
taken by surprise, and was also speechless. It has been, and will always
remain the happiest day of my life. I can't think about that moment, and
the look on her face, without cracking a smile.

The Wedding Party.
----------------------

We are honored and delighted to have some of our best friends from over
the years to be apart of this special day in our lives. We can't thank
them enough for being there to support us.

Bride's Maids.

* Michelle Vaughn - Maid of Honor
* Amanda Kerns
* Johannah Holdsworth
* Helena Holdsworth

Groomseman.

* Rick Price - Best Man
* Josh Lawson
* Jered Kerns
* Geoff Pollard
* Jeremy Angotti
* Abijah Holdsworth

Registry
---------

For those of you who wish to give us a gift, we appreciate your
generosity. We have registered at the following location(s):

We have registered at The Jones Store. You can follow the link below to
view our online registry. If asked, enter either Kenneth Saunders or
Herschela Holdsworth. If you purchase an item from the list you should
have the option to deliver it to us, a handy feature for those of you
from out of town, or who simply don't want to have to go hunt down an
item in the store.

[Click here for our registry at the Jones Store](http://jones-store.example.net/)

If you don't find anything that fits your taste, we are saving our money
to buy our first house together, and will gladly accept cash.
